README.md, before:


## AKAN NAME
### A website application that generates customer receipt of pizza sales, April 2021
#### By Kiptoo Rotich
## Description
This website takes user inputs, calculates the total cost of pizza which includes delivery cost for those customers who need the product to be deliver at their location. After selection of preferred size, topping, and crust, customer can view a summary of the total cost of what he/she selected and checkout. Here, the data is displayed in a tablev format.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Open terminal
* Change directory to the location you want to copy the project to.
* Clone the repo {git clone https://github.com/rotich1/delian-studio }
* Now you have the project in your local machine
## Behaviour
| Behaviour                        |           Input           |                                                     Output |
| -------------------------------- | :-----------------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------: |
| Check if email format is correct |     johndoegmail.com      |                         Check your email address and retry |
| Check if all fields and provided | Joh Doe johndoe@gmail.com | Thanks John Doe. We'll be in touch using johndoe@gmail.com |
### Live Site
View [live](https://rotich1.github.io/delian-studio/)
## Known Bugs
The subscriber is not actually subscribed to the business.
## Technologies Used
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript/jQuery
## Support and contact details
Kindly let us know your feedbacks and concerns and you can also ask questions through our email address rotichenoch27@gmail.com.
### License
This is under the [MIT](LICENSE) license
Copyright (c) 2021 Kiptoo Rotich

Commit message:

It will edit readme file

README.md, after:


## PIZZA ORDER
### A website application that generates customer receipt of pizza sales, April 2021
#### By Kiptoo Rotich
## Description
This website takes user inputs, calculates the total cost of pizza which includes delivery cost for those customers who need the product to be deliver at their location. After selection of preferred size, topping, and crust, customer can view a summary of the total cost of what he/she selected and checkout. Here, the data is displayed in a tablev format.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Open terminal
* Change directory to the location you want to copy the project to.
* Clone the repo {git clone https://github.com/rotich1/Pizza }
* Now you have the project in your local machine
## Behaviour
| Behaviour                            |      Input      |                                         Output |
| ------------------------------------ | :-------------: | ---------------------------------------------: |
| Check if pick up option is selected  |    I'll pick    |         Receipt is generated with total amount |
| Check if delivery option is selected | I need delivery | There will be an additional charge to delivery |
### Live Site
View [live](https://rotich1.github.io/delian-studio/)
## Known Bugs
The project takes one order a a time.
## Technologies Used
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript/jQuery
## Support and contact details
Kindly let us know your feedbacks and concerns and you can also ask questions through our email address rotichenoch27@gmail.com.
### License
This is under the [MIT](LICENSE) license
Copyright (c) 2021 Kiptoo Rotich
